NGF: Add external authentication user guide (#1859)
nginx/documentation: content/ngf/overview/gateway-api-compatibility.md

      - `requestMirror`: Supported. Multiple mirrors can be specified. Percent and fraction-based mirroring are supported.
      - `cors`: Supported. If multiple filters are configured, NGINX Gateway Fabric will choose the first and ignore the rest.
      - `extensionRef`: Supported for SnippetsFilters and AuthenticationFilters.

>       - `externalAuth`: Supported. If multiple filters are configured, NGINX Gateway Fabric will choose the first and ignore the rest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - `externalAuth`: Supported. If multiple filters are configured, NGINX Gateway Fabric uses the first and ignores the rest.
```
